>> Jen Kramer: And in chapter eight,
it's called the you try it type scale?
Okay, so what you're going to do now is
you've got the book once again.
I've got all of the various
screenshots of how the fonts
are actually supposed to
look at this point, okay?
And they project really badly so
you should look at this on your screen.
The little words on the top,
the H1's actually got really small.
There are some other size
changes that happen here.
Notice hat the layout times is actually
laid out a little bit more nicely than it
was before.
[LAUGH] It was kinda ugly before.
There's a deep irony and
a bad layout for the layout times.
In any case, so you can go ahead and
flip through these.
There's the home versions.
There's also the book version
with the changes that are there.
And so what I'd like for
you to do then is,
I've given you in your beginning files,
in your CSS,
for both the homepage and
for the inside page.
I have given you a file called type.css,
and I've linked it up to both of those.
This is the code that we just wrote, okay?
So this is the code from
the code pen that we just wrote.
It's a starting point.
What I'd like for
you to do now is to think about what
would actually work on this website?
What kind of additional
changes do you need to tweak?
How do you tweak them?
Basically what you did with layout but
now you're gonna do it with type.
Sound good?